Enhance documentation for Snake Tutorial functions (#235)
fragcolor-xyz/chainblocks: docs/docs/functions/macros.md

Defines a new non-looped chain.

=== "Code"

    ```clojure linenums="1"
    ;; defchain
    (defchain my-chain
        ;; blocks here
    )
    ```

`(defchain <chain-name>)` is actually a shorthand for the more verbose non-looped chain definition: `def <chain-name>` + `Chain "chain-name"`.
=== "Code"

    ```clojure linenums="1"
    ;; def + Chain
    (def my-chain
    (Chain "my-chain"
        ;; blocks here
    ))
    ```

> A chain is a stateful function.

Reviewer: this is a good statement but not in the right place and maybe needs to be continued?

Reviewer 2: I think we will later have a link to a more in-depth article about chain and blocks here.
We could already set that link and point to a "TODO" or "coming soon" placeholder page.

Author: I agree we should elaborate on this. IMHO this should go in both the 'Chainblocks Architecture' document as well as the 'Chainblocks Primer' document. Both should talk about this in slightly different contexts (the former in terms of blockchain elements, the latter in terms of programming).
I have added the expected links to this page. The links are currently broken but I have made a note to modify these links accordingly when I put content in the chainblocks architecture and primer docs (next in my queue).

Author: Added TODO pages for :
> Chainblocks architecture guide with [this commit](https://github.com/fragcolor-xyz/chainblocks/pull/238/commits/2db79b473ee45e88eeebd10a624e779c4616b6f1)
> Chainblocks primer doc with [this commit](https://github.com/fragcolor-xyz/chainblocks/pull/238/commits/c595e1fb6692c4d86b3e92096a39648a6307d516)

=== "Code"

    ```clojure linenums="1"

>     (defn fn-name [fn-parms] ;; function-name followed by input parameters in '[]'
>         (Msg parm)           ;; function body that returns a value

Reviewer 2: Usually `params` is the chosen abbreviation for parameters.

```suggestion
    (defn fn-name [fn-params] ;; function-name followed by input parameters in '[]'
        (Msg param)           ;; function body that returns a value
```

Author: Agreed, fixed.

    )
    ```

> The function definition consists of the function name followed by its input parameters (parms), in `[]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function definition consists of the function name followed by its input parameters (`fn-params`), in `[]`.
```

Author: Agreed, fixed.

> If there are no input parms the `[]` remains empty. Multiple input parms may be passed as a sequence.

Reviewer 2: I would keep either "parameters" full word or use `fn-params` in "code" formatting. But abbreviations in text form should be avoided in my opinion.

Author: Agreed, fixed.

The processing statements (value/expression/blocks) following the `[]` is the function's body and its evaluation is the function's return value. A function may return a single or none at all.

A function can be invoked by calling it by name and passing its required parms.

Function with no input parms:

=== "Code"

    ```clojure linenums="1"
    (defnode main)    
    (defn func []

>         (Msg "I got no parms"))         ;; prints string text to screen

Reviewer 2: parameters

(same in lines below)

Author: Agreed, fixed.

    ```

The function cannot return multiple values. So if you need to process multiple blocks in the function's body you'll have to group them by wrapping them with either `defblocks`

=== "Code"

    ```clojure linenums="1"
    (defnode main)   
    (defblocks MsgParms [input]     ;; defblocks groups multiple blocks for processing
        (Msg "name is:")
        (Msg input))     
    (defn letslog [name]
        (MsgParms name))            ;; defblocks takes function input and returns single value
    (defchain mychain
        (letslog "chainblocks"))
    (schedule main mychain)
    (run main)
    ```
=== "Result"

    ```
    [info] [2022-05-13 14:44:51.293] [T-16928] [logging.cpp::98] [mychain] name is:
    [info] [2022-05-13 14:44:51.294] [T-16928] [logging.cpp::98] [mychain] chainblocks
    ```

or with its alias, `->` (which is more succint than `defblocks`).

=== "Code"

    ```clojure linenums="1"
    (defnode main)        
    (defn letslog [name]
    (->                             ;; defblocks replaced with `->`
        (Msg "name is:")            ;; multiple blocks can now be written down sequentially
        (Msg name)

>     )

Reviewer 2: fix indent

Author: Agreed, fixed.
